TODO Bugs:
If motor timeout, detect it and restart
If loss is higher than 8dB, refuse to run back-align 
Fetch last position and loss criteria, display the criteria


Jerry
GUI pending:
3. C# Close, wait for [motors Idle] then close the program
4. Fix XYZ shortcut bugs

Beetle:
#2: T2x needs to lubricate

Control Box #1: 
for Beetle #2 and #5, motors sometimes don't run

Notes:
1. If x or y interp failed constantly during curing, it means the positioning is not 
   accurate. Need to adjust the PID parameters or/and add some damp on the motor. Or because the heating is too fast and loss is changing
   too fast, xy scan can fail (not best).
2. Jig needs to be rigid and has small thermal expansion (Stainless Steel), important.
3. Screws cannot be too tight, use spring loaded clamp for clamping force consistancy. 
4. Try stopping vibration by some foam
5. Heating rod can't heat up too fast. 120C 2min and 190C 4min is fine. If 120-190C is 2min, then it doesn't work.
6. With extra heating rod for preheating, the top jig should be 60C and bot should 35C. Heating is 190C in 1min.
5. Loss drift: 1. avoid unequal material expansion from top and bot, meaning top and bot should have
                  about the same length and expand along the same direction.
               2. Jigs should be thermal stable earlier than epoxy solid. Can preheating to make it quicker 
                  to reach stable temprature. Epoxy is usually solid at 7-9min when 190C curng. This is very important!!!
               3. Epoxy should be even for uniform cooling down. If applying on lens cap top surface, then 
                  rotate the sleeve to even the epoxy, important! Because uneven epoxy in the gap between sleeve and lens cap
                  will shrink unequally which will have loss drift. 
               4. If the gap between sleeve and lens cap is not uniform because of incorrect tilt angles, the epoxy in this gap
                  will be uneven too, causing loss drift during curing.
               5. Push the sleeve down so that the epoxy in the gap between the lens cap and sleeve is minimum, this is important!! It 
                  can avoid drifting during cooling. Because epoxy in the gap will shrink and it's very difficult to gurantee very even gap.
                  Push those epoxy in the gap out is the best way.  
               For screw jigs
               6. Don't make the screw too tight. If too tight, during cooling the loss can drift. Important!
               7. When starting cooling, unscrew the bot first cause bot cooling can be slower and uneven